1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.
* 
'hello'
-87.8
- 
/ 
+	
6 

Ans 1. 'hello' is a string. -87.8 is a value. - is an operator. / is an operator. + is an operator. 6 is a value.


2. What is the difference between string and variable?

Ans2. A string is a data type that represents text. A variable is a container that stores a value.


3. Describe three different data types.

Ans 3. The 3 different data types are string, integer and float.


4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?

Ans 4.An expression is a combination of operators and operands that is interpreted to produce some other value. In any programming language, an expression is evaluated as per the precedence of its operators. 


5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?

Ans 5. An expression can be evaluated to produce a value, while a statement cannot.


6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1

Ans 6. The variable bacon contains number 23.


7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
'spam' + 'spamspam'
'spam' * 3

Ans 7. The first term should be 'spamspam', and the second term should be 'spamspamspam'.


8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?

Ans 8. Eggs is a valid variable name because it is one word and starts with a lowercase letter. 100 is invalid because it is not one word.


9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value?

Ans 9. The functions int(), float(), and str() can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value, respectively.


10 expression. Why does this cause an error? How can you fix it?
'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.'

Ans 10. The error is caused by the fact that the string 'I have eaten ' is being concatenated with the integer 99, rather than being added to it. This can be fixed by changing the order of the operands, or by using the parseInt() function.

